---
title: "Psilocybin Movie Study Recall Examples"
date: 2024-05-07
draft: false
---
Place of my Birth:

"This was the story of a guy who, it starts off with him kind of just standing in the middle of the street having flashbacks to a car accident he was in where I guess his wife and son died in and so I think because of he's having those bad memories oh and he's got this implant that you can clearly see in the back of his neck that is kind of protruding out and I think the next scene is him going visiting the doctor and talking to I guess the guy that put it in he's complaining about having all the vivid memories having vivid recall of all the bad memories and not just of the the good memories and he's asking how he can stop the bad memories but keep the good ones and the doctor was explaining that having both the good and the bad was kind of part of the therapy so I guess revealing that the implant was some sort of therapy for the trauma he experienced in the car accident and yeah so I think and the doctor told him that he could but if he wanted to he could remove the implant whenever he wanted if it got too intense for him but that he'd lose the memories of his wife and kid if he did that and so the next scene is him sitting in his car outside of the house of the guy that hit him and his family and kill his family and it looks like he's about to as the the guys walking out of his house it looks like he's about to run him over or kill him in some kind of way and right before he starts right before he does that the guy's kid also comes out of the house and he realizes the that guy also has a family and so he decides not to to kill the dad and then after that he I think right after that is when he decides to take the implant out and after he does that he visits the grave of his wife and kid and explains that he almost killed the guy but didn't and then he decided to take the implant out because he realized that his memories wouldn't the memories of her and the kid would never go away even if he took the implant out and that he decided he to move on with his life it's another pretty dark dark movie yeah brought up negative emotions."

Inner Workings:

"This movie was started with a guy waking up in bed and I guess you see the brain is kind of an x-ray of his brain in a way, sending signals down to different parts of his body like his muscles to turn the alarm clock off and to stand up and his lungs to, sending signals to his lungs to breathe and yawn when he gets up and then signal to his bladder to make him pee and as he's showering he's listening to music and he starts to dance a lot but then you can see that his brain, it kind of extrapolates dancing to, dancing in the shower to, slipping and falling and getting electrocuted by some device and then him dying and so he stops dancing and then as he's leaving the house, his house to go to work, as he's walking to work he passes some kind of breakfast spot or restaurant that serves really good food and he wants to go in but his brain then imagines him eating too much food and getting fat and dying and so he doesn't go into the restaurant and then as he's walking, he walks past that and he's in like this beach town I suppose and he sees a guy running to go surfing and he wants to go into the ocean as well but then you know his brain imagines him getting eaten by a shark and then dying and then after that he walks past I think a guy juggling chainsaws and then he walks up to some kind of street vendor selling sunglasses and he wants to buy sunglasses but then his brain imagines him putting the sunglasses on and like not being able, being able to see and running into the chainsaws I think, something like that and then dying and as he's, and then yeah and then he gets to work and he starts you know doing whatever he has to do at work and he kind of just looks like, just like a cog in the machine of the office and everyone's doing the same exact movement of picking up a paper and typing it in on the computer and then putting it down and picking up the next paper and as he's sitting there he's doing that and then he seems to be getting bored and then when lunchtime comes around and everyone's eating the same bagged lunch of just a bland sandwich he has the realization that he just keeps doing the same boring stuff in life he's gonna die anyway and not have fun while he's doing it and so he leaves the office goes back to the restaurant to get the food that he wanted earlier then he runs or gets a pair of sunglasses and runs into the ocean and then swims in the ocean for a bit and then when he gets back to to work he I think some music starts playing and he's actually having fun at work now because he did the things that he wanted and it seemed like the his enthusiasm spread to all the other workers and they seemed to be having more fun as well and then everyone started dancing and I think that was the end of that one. This is another fun story, good message, made me feel good."

Oxygen:

"Okay, so I think this one's called No Oxygen. Still really love this animation, it is like a passion project for sure. I don't know exactly what it's for, but it's really, really well done, still love it. So it's grayscale and the opening scene is this ship crashing into this foreign planet. And what I didn't recognize last time that I did now is like the opening scene shows like this little robot coming from the wreckage and like looks over multiple sheets of paper that kind of set the background where it's like, oh, Earth doesn't have any oxygen left. And so there's this idea that these medics go out into the space, which you assume is to find like more oxygen or to just like continue the human species, however, whichever. And there's a woman with her daughter, or there's a woman who you assume will be the main character, and she has a love for a daughter back home on Earth. And then the next thing that happens is that the robot finds like a red cross patch, which is indicative of the main character, this like medic. And so the robot wakes up the medic, yeah, wakes up the, or so the robot wakes up the medic. Fun little detail I noticed this time around is the medic gets woken up with a twitch with the fingers, which is like just a cute like little touch where that's how like most people kind of react to being woken up is their limbs react first. Yeah, the medic awakens and then cuts to her leaning against a rock that sets the scene or the problem where she is low on oxygen and she must survive, calls for an SOS signal and it says that it won't, it won't quite arrive. And she has a bit of this like life flashes before her eyes moment, but then she's like forced to continue on. And it shows her tretching along the planet to just survive. And the next thing you see is her hiding behind organic like dome like structures. And then what I really enjoy still is that the creator created an audio signal where you hear footsteps and you can't see where it was creating the footsteps, but you can assume that the footsteps are coming from somewhere. And the main character is like hiding from those said footsteps and approaching it. And then you get introduced to this alien that does a cute little jump scare. So help set some tension in the air, which is cool. And then the robot scans the alien and the alien like swipes away at the robot. But then ultimately the robot character kind of makes the analysis that this alien has an oxygen source that could be utilized for survival. And then goes and interacts with the medic and says, look, we can harvest the oxygen from the alien and drain it to sustain your life. And the medic woman main character gets morally conflicted where she doesn't want to cause harm due to her moral obligation to helping and saving lives as a medic. And then the robot proceeds to be antagonizing and uses and pressures her to be like, if you won't ever see your daughter again, if you don't utilize me as a weapon to drain this alien of its oxygen resource for yourself. And ultimately the robot gets through to the woman by using by pulling on the heart strings one would say. And then she the medic activates the robot as a oxygen draining weapon and then proceeds to sneak up on the alien and pin it down and then drain the oxygen source from the alien. And then to add on to the weight of this event, the alien dies and reveals a small childlike alien that the medic cradles in her arms and the alien dies. This baby alien dies within her arms where she howls out due to grief. And in a symbolistic way she buries the alien mother with a child and rips off her bandage that does this cool little smear animation with a teardrop with the eye. I really like that. That's always really cool. And then buries the dead bodies and then looks over the valley at which the alien village resides and it shows like, rescue is not going to be here for a long time. And she kind of like hardens herself and she's like, it's time for me to survive. It's this interesting like plot where you don't know what's going to happen. But yeah, I really enjoy it. Done."

Future Boyfriend:

"Okay, this one's Future Boyfriend. It's a fun like skit slash short film. Opening scene is these two people going on a date. You don't really know what their interaction is, but the guy keeps fucking up her name by calling her by her last name, and you're kind of like, what? That's weird. But then as they sit down, he like proceeds to introduce himself as she's like talking about her life and a photography career. She he like starts like cut up her food for her and everything. She's just kind of getting like weirded out, like, like, what are you doing? And then he gets like a little uncomfortable while he's also kind of like paying weird attention to the waiter. There's like a lot of things that just like not answered and just like weird, like a weird air between the two of them. And he comes to clean where he's like, Oh, look, I have like something to tell you. And she this woman's like, Oh, like, what is it like, I'm sure it's like nothing too crazy. And then he reveals he's from the future. And she doesn't like, believe him and thinks he's just kind of messing around and he proceeds to take off take out like this really futuristic Wi Fi watch thing, which then it like shoots up this hologram thing and like the lights get dimmed down and all stuff. After watching it a second time, I still have trouble understanding the point of the third character that gets introduced at this point. He's like a virtual hologram version of Siri, I'm assuming. For the watch, he's like roasting the guy for bringing it back from like 15g to like 5g. It's a weird character. It's a weird character for sure. I don't really understand it. But nevertheless, the woman is convinced at this date that this guy's from the future and she starts freaking out. And she's like, Oh my god, you hear like stop like Hitler style of things are here to like change. Are you here for like on some like grandiose mission? And he's like, No, I'm just here to date you. And she's like, Oh, what? And he's like, Yeah, like I take care of you in a nursing home way in the future and I like love you. And then you start getting like this weird vibe from this guy like, Oh, this is weird. This is weird. But it's not like too weird. Like they still maintain a level like a healthiness of like wholesomeness of curiosity going. And so what happens is this woman kind of gets shocked, asks for a heavier pour of wine and proceeds to start questioning this man of like, what's the relationship like what's going on and like her photography career doesn't work out and why she like in a state funded retirement home with no family, kids or anything and like all lonely. And he keeps answering all these questions and everything and she's just slowly becoming more and more overwhelmed and just weirded out by the whole thing and just like really not fucking with it. Which is rightfully so it is creepy, it is weird and everything. And so it comes to a head where she's like, you know what, like, screw this. I will see you in like 50 years, I'm like gonna be an old lady, but I'm done here. I'm like gone. I'm like leaving. And she leaves. And then this guy's left at the table at his date table where he's kind of upset. And to help himself feel better, he pulls back out his sci-fi like watch phone thing. And then the third character is again brought back up and he's like, Oh, I'm so sorry snuggly poo. I'm sorry the date didn't go well. What is this? What is this character? It's so weird. So weird. And then like, yeah, she in a in a cute like little scene as he's watching back old videos of him interacting with this woman when she's like royalty, this she's like, Oh, have you seen my purse? And like while the hologram is like playing out that clip, like the woman comes back from after leaving a date. It's like, have you seen my purse? And it's like a cute like little that was like, I really liked that. That was clever. And then she's just like has this moment realization with this guy. She's like, look, so if I go out with you now, and like, I know that you're willing to take care of me when I'm old like that. Can we change my future? And he's like, Yes, absolutely. And she's like, so she's like, Okay, cool. Then let's do this. And let's change our futures. And he's like, Sure, sounds good. And then while they're leaving the date spot to continue on with her night, he makes a comment about how she should take care of her teeth more. And she fires off a quick funny clip being like, you should shut up if you're hoping to get late tonight. So yeah, cute skit. I like the idea of it. It's fun. Yeah, very well done with lighting, especially I thought the lighting was done very, very well. Yeah, it was fun. All right, done."
